# Bottos Introduction

Bottos is an infrastructure that serves for the artificial intelligence, not only a public underlying block-chain be designed based on features of data, but also a data circulation platform serves the whole artificial intelligence and its derivative industries. By means of data mining and using smart contracts, Bottos realizes a consensus-based, scalable, easy-to-develop, and collaborative one-stop application platform that based on data, models, calculation, and storage of multi-tiered shared services.

Bottos can be deployed in fields of big data, artificial intelligence, smart hardware, robotics, IOT, VR/AR, etc,. To simply put, it is not just an artificial intelligence public chain, it also has the data and model circulation service, which realizes the value circulation of artificial intelligence and its derivative industry based on data feeding, and finally forms a new ecological of distributed AI.

As a fundamental public chain which is designed to serve the artificial intelligence industry, Bottos’ performance advantages are concentrated in data flow, as well as calculation force, storage sharing and so on, with strong industrial attributes. Its original technical features include intelligent currency design, lottery DPOS algorithm and distributed storage with AI algorithm, which has a leading competitive advantage in data privacy protection, oversized data storage and so on.

The target of Bottos fundamental public chain is to create a decentralized data flow platform, solve the difficult pain points of artificial intelligence training data acquisition, then attract artificial intelligence and its derivative industries to actively enter the platform. Through data and model certainty, users are encouraged to share and speed up the flow of transactions. Through the intelligent contract lifecycle management, Bottos helps AI and its derivative industries eliminate trust costs and increase efficiency.

The application development layer of Bottos is chiefly based on Dapps which be divided into three categories: Artificial Intelligence class, artificial intelligence derivative category, block chain Technical Service category. The block chain technology are continues iteration and increasing, such as Lightning Network, ORALCE, side chain, cross-chain, etc.,; In order to improve the Bottos ecology, the artificial intelligence Dapp is represented by simple software, with the features of data feeding model iterative upgrading; Artificial intelligence derivative Dapps which include intelligent hardware(be represented by the combination of soft and hard), IOT, robots, etc., and collects new data through hardware, are the source channels of AI data. These Dapps form a closed loop of data between each other, which can eventually form a global scale of data pools, while there is also a demand between Dapps intelligent modules to form a demand map through blockchain technology, which will eventually result in a large pool of modules.
